Comply with Google API ToS properly (#1698)
smogon/pokemon-showdown-client: website/pages/rules.md

4. **Names may not advertise**.

This policy is less restrictive than that of many places, so you might see some "borderline" nicknames that might not be accepted elsewhere. You might consider it unfair that they are allowed to keep their nickname. The fact remains that their nickname follows the above rules, and if you were asked to choose a new name, yours does not.

## Supporting services

> Certain chat features of Pokemon Showdown use Google services, such as embedded YouTube videos. Pokemon Showdown encourages users to familiarize themselves with [their terms of service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms).

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be added to Rules; no terms are relevant for playing or embedding videos, right?

> ## Supporting services
> Certain chat features of Pokemon Showdown use Google services, such as embedded YouTube videos. Pokemon Showdown encourages users to familiarize themselves with [their terms of service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## YouTube

When using the `/show` or `/youtube` commands for YouTube videos, you must follow the [YouTube Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms).
```
